doc: Improving documentation readability (#42)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/gateways/kerlinkwirnetistation/_index.md

## Configuration

> All further steps will assume the gateway is available at `192.168.4.155`, The Things Stack address is `thethings.example.com`, gateway ID is `example-gtw` and gateway API key is `NNSXS.GTSZYGHE4NBR4XJZHJWEEMLXWYIFHEYZ4WR7UAI.YAT3OFLWLUVGQ45YYXSNS7HTVTFALWYSXK6YLJ6BDUNBPJMRH3UQ`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All further steps will assume the gateway is available at `192.168.4.155`, {{% tts %}} address is `thethings.example.com`, gateway ID is `example-gtw` and gateway API key is `NNSXS.GTSZYGHE4NBR4XJZHJWEEMLXWYIFHEYZ4WR7UAI.YAT3OFLWLUVGQ45YYXSNS7HTVTFALWYSXK6YLJ6BDUNBPJMRH3UQ`.
```
